linmagx.magsys.lens1_set ic.linmag.ql1.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens1_mes ic.linmag.ql1.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens2_set ic.linmag.ql2.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens2_mes ic.linmag.ql2.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens3_set ic.linmag.ql3.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens3_mes ic.linmag.ql3.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens4_set ic.linmag.ql4.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens4_mes ic.linmag.ql4.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens5_set ic.linmag.ql5.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens5_mes ic.linmag.ql5.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens6n7_set ic.linmag.ql6n7.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens6n7_mes ic.linmag.ql6n7.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens8n9_set ic.linmag.ql8n9.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens8n9_mes ic.linmag.ql8n9.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens10_set ic.linmag.ql10.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens10_mes ic.linmag.ql10.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens11_set ic.linmag.ql11.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens11_mes ic.linmag.ql11.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens12_set ic.linmag.ql12.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens12_mes ic.linmag.ql12.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens13_set ic.linmag.ql13.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens13_mes ic.linmag.ql13.gmeas poly ro
linmagx.magsys.lens14_set ic.linmag.ql14.gset poly rw
linmagx.magsys.lens14_mes ic.linmag.ql14.gmeas poly ro